hello  uh uh  matt who  madeleine okay uh yeah it's it's been a  while man yeah jordan peterson all that  all that crap what do you  no no no no need to apologize  no no  you never blocked me on on twitter i  no no no really i don't i don't use  twitter i don't even have a twitter  account i i haven't for years  okay look look look great great to hear  from you matt what are you  what are you calling about  uh vegan diet  not really i mean for me it's more you  know vegan vegan movement vegan ethics  vegan politics diet you know not not so  much  you for for you to start a vegan diet  oh well you know matt i mean um  there are a lot of things to think about  uh like  you know lions  um  uh uh uh  wolves  and you know uh when it really comes  down to it  uh  who's to say  that you know like plants plants don't  have feelings you know what when you  when you cut down a tree you know like  like is it kind of making like like a  groaning sound  like like you know like like uh  an oak tree has eyes  uh uh oysters have eyes you know what is  it is it really so different from up  from a cow  or a pig  yeah you know when you when you  look at it that way like as a as a lion  or uh or wolf  oh okay man okay you you uh you you keep  on that you let me know  he's going to be dead for five years  i don't want to give up  but uh i i ordered some gardein  fake chicken nuggets okay i looked at  the calories of it it doesn't look too  bad  [Music]  okay and i got some gardein chicken  nuggies that are  vegan okay i got a vegan  chicken nugget situation going on we'll  maybe try to do one of the days  [Music]  [Music]  [Music]  you